[frontend-api] string inputs are always trimmed (#2127)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.1.0-dev.md

- enable logging in tests ([#2113](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2113))
    - see #project-base-diff to update your project

> - trimmed String type and new Password type in frontend API ([#2127](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2127))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add automatic string trimming and new Password type for frontend API ([#2127](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2127))
```
